Previously on From...
Boyd. are you seriously okay
with him taking magic mushrooms
that he found
in a haunted forest?
If there are answers
in his head.
we need to get them out.
Okay are you ready for this?
Fuck no.
She's making a golem.
It's a giant made of clay.
It protects people.
It's a champion.
That thing I carried inside me.
I still feel it.
It goes both ways.
He feels how afraid I am.
But making this.
it makes me feel strong.
I thought
his yellow suit was funny.
He came in a car.
just like the rest of us.
But he wasn't like us.
When I found Mom out by
the bottle tree. I saw him.
He was eating her.
Oh. my God. Oh. God.
I can't imagine
what this is like for her.
- Wait!
- I'm coming!
Don't move. okay?
Where does it hurt?
I hurt my arm.
This could actually be
an instruction manual
on how to save my Dad.
Fuck! It didn't fucking work!
I need to find
the Lake of Tears.
My Dad told me it's here.
Maybe once I find it.
it can make him better.
Mom?
I'm telling you.
those are bodies.
We should pull 'em in.
Are you insane?
Something floats up from
the bottom of Nightmare Lake
and the first thing you
wanna do is drag it ashore?
You may run things
back at Colony House.
but we all get a say here.
Look. we have
to sleep here tonight.
Even if we took off
running right now.
we'd never make it
back to town before dark.
I don't know about you. but I
would feel a whole lot better
knowing who or what
just floated to the
surface of this lake.
She's right.
You're quiet.
What do you think?
Let's pull 'em in.
Come on!
I got it.
Jeez.
Now what?
Get it up on land.
Okay.
I'm sorry
we couldn't save you.
I really wanted it
to be the Lake of Tears.
I know.
Mom?
Yeah?
Are we gonna be okay?
I hope so.
Hey. Boyd.
Boyd?
I think the mushrooms
kicked in.
Jade?
It's a little more
direct than I expected.
Okay.
Ah.
Ahh! Oh. Jesus!
-  Oh!
- Fuck! Aah!
Oh! Jade! Whoa! Whoa!
Jade! Jade!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hey!
Look. there's nothing there.
Nothing there.
Oh. God.
This may not have been
such a great idea.
Oh!
Hey. maybe we just-- maybe we go
see Kristi and we just--
Oh...
No. no. No. No.
I have to do this.
But I need you.
I need you to be
my anchor. my guide.
You need to tell me what's real
and. you know. what isn't.
And we need a safe word.
something that you can say
if things start to.
you know. go off the rails;
something that'll...
bring me back.
Okay. safe word.
What's it gonna be?
Capricorn.
Capricorn? Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's go get weird.
All right.
where do we start?
We go this way.
You just take
nice deep breaths. okay?
You're gonna do great.
- 'Kay. ready?
- Wait. wait. wait.
May-- Maybe we don't
have to do this. I mean...
maybe we should wait.
It doesn't--
it really doesn't hurt
nearly as much as it did.
I know you're scared. but
if we don't reset this bone.
you're not gonna heal properly.
and then. we're gonna
have much bigger problems
than we can
handle here. okay?
Okay.
Just breathe.
We'll go on the count of three.
And I need you to take
a nice. big deep breath in.
Ready?
Big breath.
One...
Sorry. I know
that was the worst part.
I just thought it'd be
better if we did it quick.
You're okay.
Do you have
the brace?
No. it's in the ambulance.
I'll be right back.
You did great.
Hey. you cut your hair.
It looks nice.
Thanks.
It's a long story.
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be handsome?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
♪ Now I have
children of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father ♪
♪ "What will I be?" ♪
♪ "Will I be pretty?" ♪
♪ "Will I be rich?" ♪
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera sera ♪
♪ What will be will be ♪
They're dolls.
Jesus.
What are you doing?
Making sure there's
no more surprises.
Why would someone
put those in the lake?
Shit.
What?
There's only one reason
I can think of
that people put life-sized
dolls full of stuffing outside.
Scarecrows.
You put them in the field
to scare the birds away.
What if the reason
these were in the lake
is to keep
something else down there...
from coming out?
Oh.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
I'm okay.
So. uh...
So. what now?
Jade!
What?
What exactly
is the plan?
What? Do we just walk
around the forest all day.
waiting for the trees
to start talking?
What are we looking for?
You're right.
Oh!
About what?
I haven't asked the question!
We need to ask...
the right question.
set the-
the right intention.
Okay. I got this.
Show me what I used to know...
...that I can't remember.
Show me what's in here
that'll help us leave.
Do you hear that?
No.
Oh. God.
What's wrong?
What do you see?
Something I'd forgotten.
It's me when
I was 12 years-old.
It's the day
my grandmother died.
I don't understand.
She asked me to
play for her. so I-I did.
I...
I played all day.
And at some point. I...
I knew she--
she just wasn't
in the room anymore.
But I couldn't look at her;
I just kept playing.
'cause I knew.
the moment I stopped.
she was really gone.
So. I just
played and played and played.
Goddammit! God!
Goddammit.
this isn't what I asked for!
I wanna remember
why we're stuck here!
how to get home!
- I don't want this!
- No. hey.
Jade. Jade. Jade. Jade.
It's okay.
I wanna go back.
I just wanna go back!
I wanna go back!
Oh. shit.
How did you get here?
Jade?
Oh. Jesus!
Talk to me.
He-- It's the guy from...
Fuck!
Where is he?
Where did he go?
He was-- huh?
Anghkooey.
Jade!
I fucking heard you!
Stop.
Stop playing that song!
Jade?
I'm gonna need an update.
Some asshole I saw nailed to
a tree out at the settlement
wants me to drink the same
skull of blood he's been
schlepping around
with him since we met!
- And he keeps saying...
- Anghkooey.
Doesn't that mean "remember"?
Yes!
So. drink it!
Easy for you to say.
Jade?
The blood is not real.
Well. it looks real enough.
Hey. maybe he's trying to tell
you how to get your answers.
Anghkooey.
Don't drink it.
What?
Jade...
...the blood isn't real.
Goddammit.
You good?
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hey! What's-- what's-- Jade!
Come in.
Hey.
Wow!
I'm really. uh...
I'm starting
to see the shape now.
Did you need something?
Yeah. I. uh...
I just--
I wanted to say I'm sorry.
Earlier.
I should have tried to...
listen more.
instead of reacting.
We're strongest when
we back each other up.
and I was not doing that.
I got scared
and I should've.
uh. backed you up.
That's all.
Thank you. Kenny.
Was there something else?
It's okay. you can ask.
You said you were still
connected to that thing.
What does that feel like?
Terrifying...
in a way I can't
really explain.
Every night. I...
...I go to that window.
and I look outside.
knowing that.
one of these nights.
I'm gonna see him
standing there...
...staring back at me.
What happens then?
I don't know.
Listen. if you need. um--
if you need anything...
Thank you. Kenny.
Henry.
Uh. Kenny. hey.
Is that from the bar?
Yeah. I just. uh...
I keep a little stash
on hand. you know.
just to take the edge off.
Okay.
Oh. help yourself.
No. thanks.
I'm good.
Hey.
What's taking so long?
Did you find the splint?
Hey.
What's wrong?
Um...
Uh. I'm fine.
Yeah. I just needed a minute.
Found it.
- I'm fine.
- Baby...
Hey!
- I'm fine. okay?
- You're not fine!
Kristi. leave it.
I'm good.
Fuck.
Just. once in a while. I...
stop and think about
the types of things
that have become
normal for us.
I mean. we're sitting here.
packing life-sized dolls
full of rocks because
we think that they're gonna...
Take my advice:
stop thinking about it.
Think about somethin' else.
Think about getting
back to your wife.
We need to get these
fuckers back in the water.
Do you really think there's
something bad in the water?
I think I'd rather
not find out.
Thanks.
Tabitha. uh. can you
help me with something?
Yeah.
- Over here.
- Yeah.
Okay. I saw that
look on your face.
What's going on?
Something about
those dolls j--
I don't know.
it was familiar.
- Good familiar or bad familiar?
- I don't know!
I don't-- don't know.
I think I've
seen them before.
Okay. Try. try to remember.
I'm trying. Donna!
I'm try-- I'm trying.
All I see are. like. little
pieces and their faces and...
It's-- It's weird. huh?
Is there something in that lake
that we need to be afraid of?
I don't know.
We're ready to
drag 'em back in.
Okay. let's do it.
Just grab 'em.
Okay.
Come on.
Yep.
Careful. Patty.
Careful.
Yeah.
Whoa!
Hey...
Hey. what does that mean?
That I'm gonna see things
that I don't wanna see. huh?
Hey.
Answer me.
Hey!
Hello?
Hey. Boyd. did you...?
Boyd?
Boyd!
Don't do that.
Don't fucking
leave me like that.
I didn't.
I've been here
the whole time.
Hey...
are you good?
Yeah. I'm--
I'm-- I'm good.
You're sure?
Jade. we can stop.
If this is too much.
we can still go back.
This way.
Jade.
Jade!
Shit.
Boyd...
where are we?
We're outside
Colony House.
What do you see?
I warned you.
The answers you sought come
wrapped in painful truths.
Dad?
I-I don't think you should
look at that anymore.
Ah!
I just. uh-- I--
I just...
What-- What--
What do you do here...
for-- for fun?
What?
Well. there's so much time
just sitting around.
worrying if you're
gonna survive the night.
You can't forget to live.
You-- You have to live. son.
Come on. let's-- let's--
Whoa!
No. I'm fine.
I'm okay. Just. just...
Dad?
Just...
Dad!
You got any cards?
What?
Cards. To-- to play.
You got cards?
Dad.
Maybe in the kitchen.
What are you makin'?
- Uh...
- That's nice!
-  Dad...
- See?
That's--
good for you.
These guys are having fun.
Is he okay?
Yeah.
Does this work?
Ooh. look at that.
Maybe you
should go lie down.
Lie down? I don't wanna
lie down! I wanna...
♪ All my bags are packed ♪
♪ I'm ready to go ♪
♪ I'm standing here.
outside your door ♪
♪ I hate to wake you up ♪
♪ To say goodbye ♪
You remember this one?
♪ So. ki-- kiss me
and smile for me ♪
You-- right? Aah!
♪ Tell me that
you'll wait for me ♪
♪ Hold me like
you'll never let me go ♪
Dad. stop.
You remember
when we used to play?!
We used to sit at
the piano and you would--
I'd give you a note.
That was your note.
And you--
you were so little!
And-- but your mom.
she had such a beautiful voice.
You remember?
- Dad. please.
-  You must remem--
oh. come on! We-- We'd sit there
and we'd talk about
how we'd all go
'round the world someday
and see all the beautiful
things and we'd be...
♪ Leavin' on a jet plane ♪
- Shh!
- Come on!
♪ Don't know when
I'll be back again ♪
♪ Oh. babe. I hate to go ♪
♪ So. kiss me and... ♪
♪ ...smile for me ♪
♪ Tell me that
you'll wait for me ♪
♪ Hold me like you'll
never let me go ♪
Hey. Henry. can we...?
No! No!
Who the fuck
are you to tell me?
Do you know what he did?
What he did to my wife?
Henry. please.
Let's take it upstairs. right?
Vic-- Vic--
Victor. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean-- I'm...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry!
- I'm sorry!
-  Okay. okay. okay!
- Okay. let's um-- let's go.
No. No. you-- you--
you don't know--
you don't know what he did.
Victor...
show him the picture.
Show him the picture
of what he did.
What's wrong with you?!
- Show him what he did!
- Okay. okay. okay.
What's the fire for?
Hold on.
You telling me you
didn't bring the marshmallows?
Are we gonna be okay?
Of course we are.
'Cause I don't want
Julie to be alone.
Tell you what.
first thing in the morning.
we're gonna get up.
grab our packs. and
get the heck outta here. Okay?
Go on.
Get in the cabin.
I like it when you're here.
It's just not as scary
when you're around.
Randall.
Listen... Listen.
The one time
you tried doing something
that would have actually proved
it was real. it didn't work!
This isn't about me
or the bookmark.
'Kay? This is about you and you
being scared of those ruins.
Are you serious?
You're a
fucking coward. Randall.
And you're
a stubborn little child
who doesn't know what the
fuck's in front of her face.
Really?
And what is that. huh?
Oh. this place
is fucking with your head
because it knows
how much you miss your dad!
No. You're wrong.
I watched you have
two seizures in two days.
All right? You're literally
frying your own brain.
So. why don't you tell me
what's more likely:
that you're traveling through
chapters of a story
or that one of these days.
you're gonna have a seizure
- that doesn't stop?
- I don't care!
That is a risk
I am willing to take!
Then. you're a moron.
And if your dad was here right
now he'd be fucking stunned
at how goddamn
stupid you are.
You're only angry at me right
now because you know I'm right.
I'm fine.
You're clearly not okay.
Okay. I was having
a moment. that's all!
That was way more than
just a moment. Marielle!
Okay. so. this place has
never gotten to you before?
- Oh. my God!
- Really?
You haven't just need a minute
to freak the fuck out?
It is not a big deal.
-  Mari!
- Just give it a rest. Kristi!
Sorry.
It's okay.
Mari!
Aah!
What do you see?
It's the people
from my hallucinations.
Why are they here?
Why were they
playing that song?
You know why.
They're all me.
These were the lives
that I lived here.
Some of them...
and many more.
Look at them closely.
What do you see?
None of them
are ripped apart.
They weren't killed by the--
by the creatures in the woods!
These men were murdered.
By who?
You know who.
Minnows in a shark's net?
What does that...
Oh. my God.
They were murdered
by the people in town.
What?
Jade. who are you talking--
Just-- gimme a--
It's always the same.
Once they learn the truth
about who you are.
that it was you that
the children were calling for.
first. they blame you.
then. they hate you.
eventually they kill you.
And Tabitha?
For Tabitha. it's worse.
But. look...
If I die every time...
what are you saying?
Are you saying
there's no way home?
How--
How does this help?
How do I stop it
from happening this time?
Answer me!
Jade. Hey. Jade. Jade.
Okay.
let's back him up this way.
Good?
Ah!
Okay.
Two. three.
All right.
Are you gonna be
all right. Victor?
Yeah.
I'll take care of him.
Hey. Victor.
What. uh...?
What was he talking about?
The man in
the yellow suit...
ate my mother.
But I never
should have told him.
Hello?
Where the hell did he go?
Hey. can we just
take a minute here?
Why the fuck
were you talking about
people murdering you out there?
Hey.
Over here.
Oh...
What are we doing?
Why are we down here?
Hey!
- Hey!
-  Give me a hand!
Give me a hand! Come on!
Boyd...
do you see a door
in that wall?
Yup.
Here you go.
Thank you. Sophia.
Can you try to tell us what
happened in the ambulance?
Uh. the radio came on.
Okay. And...?
I heard them screaming.
Who's-- Who's them?
Everyone.
Every single person
who's ever died here.
That's what it was like for me
when we were in the chamber.
All I could hear.
all I could feel was...
the suffering of every single
person who has ever died here.
I kept telling myself
it wasn't real.
that it couldn't be.
But when the radio came on.
it was like all that pain
and horror just
shot through me again.
You're a prophet.
What?
Maybe God has chosen you
to hear their suffering.
Okay. I can't do this.
- Mari...
-  No.
Mari. wait.
Just...
wait.
I've seen this
happen here before.
This place. it gets
in people's heads and--
This is different. Kristi.
There is something old here.
something... ancient.
And it's feeding off our
suffering and it doesn't stop.
Even after we die.
we are still trapped here.
And we never get to leave.
Sometimes.
I forget he's just a kid.
He's always
seemed so grown up.
He's always been like that.
Jim used to call him
the little professor.
So. curious
and full of questions.
Maybe he can figure out
what's in the goddamn lake.
Stop it!
Sorry.
How much longer
till sunrise?
Five minutes less than
the last time someone asked.
Just try to get some sleep.
You're joking. right?
All we have to do
is hold on until the morning.
Then. we can get
the hell outta here
and back to
the nightmare we understand.
We've got a long walk
in the morning. so--
What the hell is that?
Tabitha?
I know that sound.
The dolls...
they were smaller.
They were mine.
I was playing with them.
What is she talking about?
Shh. shh. shh.
Mom?
What else?
A man; he was angry.
He came and
took them from me.
He said they
gave him nightmares.
so he threw them in the lake.
But one day.
the man died.
and his nightmares...
his nightmares
came out of the lake.
Oh. my God. Donna.
we have to go.
- We have to go right now.
- Tabitha. we can't.
Donna! No. you don't understand!
You don't understand!
We're not safe here!
We can't stay here.
No. we have a
talisman on the door.
No. no. no. talismen won't
protect us. not from this!
How do you know that? How the
fuck do you know any of that?!
Hey. hey. hey.
Go! Go! Run!
Go. go!
Come on. go!
-  Ethan!
-  Go! Get out!
Hey! Get off him!
Donna!
Ellis!
Where's Patty?
She-- She's not with you?
No!
Ah. shit!
- Ellis!
- Donna. please!
Mom!
It's okay.
No!
Hey! Come on!
We gotta go! Go!
We have to run.
No matter what happens.
we have to keep--
Donna!
- Donna!
-  Donna. no!
-  Donna!
Hey.
Donna? You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Whoa!
What just happened?
I remembered.
I remembered
how to hurt them.
Oh. fucking...
Oh. Jesus!
Boyd!
The fuck are you?
Okay.
What is this?
Okay...
Fuck.
Boyd? Boyd?!
Boyd?
Aah!
Shh! Hey! Shh!
Hey. Jade.
we have to go.
We cannot be down here.
But this isn't real!
This can't be real!
- Jade!
- What?
Listen to me.
Capricorn. Okay?
Capricorn.
This is real.
You asked me to be your anchor.
so fucking listen to me.
No. Boyd.
We're just in Colony House.
The tunnels
aren't this close.
Close?
We've been walking down
that creepy hallway for--
this stops now!
Let's go.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. All right.
- Hey!
- Huh?
I will drag you outta here
if I fucking have to!
Okay. All right. Okay.
Oh...
This is where
the children were sacrificed.
How does knowing
that get us home?
Tabitha and I.
we already tried to save them.
We've tried so many times.
Is it-- is it--
is there something here?
Is there something.
something we need?
Tell me how we save them
when we've already failed!
Hi. Jade.
You should have
listened to Boyd.
No!
But you were never really
the smart one. were you?
Aah! Aah!
No! No!
No. no. no. no!
No. no. no!
No! No!
Get the fuck off of me!
No. no!
Get off!
No!
Anghkooey.
Jade! Jade!
Hey. hey. hey! Oh!
Oh. you okay?
You okay?
What the fuck
are we doing here?
- What?
- How did we get here?
What-- What? Hey.
How the fuck
did we get here?!
Jade. you never left.
No. no. no.
We were in the tunnels.
No. you've been
sitting here for hours.
You were at the window...
you sat down.
and that's it.
You...
No. no. no.
No. no.
There was more. There was--
There was a lot more.
I know where they are.
What?
I know what we have
to do to go home.
I know how we can
save the children.